README.md, before:

# Star-DLP

Star-DLP (Star Downloader) 是一个 Ruby gem，用于下载和管理您在 GitHub 上标星的仓库。它支持将星标仓库下载为 JSON 和 Markdown 文件，并且支持增量下载，只下载本地没有的新星标仓库。

## 安装

添加这一行到您的应用程序的 Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'star-dlp'
```

然后执行:

```bash
$ bundle install
```

或者自己安装:

```bash
$ gem install star-dlp
```

## 使用方法

### 配置

首先，您可以配置 Star-DLP:

```bash
$ star-dlp config --token=your_github_token
```

您可以设置以下选项:
- `--token`: GitHub API 令牌 (推荐使用，以避免 API 速率限制)
- `--output_dir`: 输出目录
- `--json_dir`: JSON 文件目录
- `--markdown_dir`: Markdown 文件目录

### 下载星标仓库

要下载您的星标仓库:

```bash
$ star-dlp download your_github_username
```

这将下载您所有的星标仓库，并将它们保存为 JSON 和 Markdown 文件。如果您之前已经下载过一些仓库，它只会下载新的星标仓库。

### 查看版本

```bash
$ star-dlp version
```

## 文件结构

Star-DLP 将文件保存在以下位置:

- 配置文件: `~/.star-dlp/config.json`
- 星标仓库: `~/.star-dlp/stars/`
  - JSON 文件: `~/.star-dlp/stars/json/`
  - Markdown 文件: `~/.star-dlp/stars/markdown/`

## 开发

克隆仓库后，运行 `bin/setup` 安装依赖项。然后，运行 `rake spec` 运行测试。您也可以运行 `bin/console` 进入交互式提示符，允许您进行实验。

要安装此 gem 到您的本地机器，运行 `bundle exec rake install`。

## 贡献

欢迎 Bug 报告和拉取请求。本项目旨在成为一个安全、友好的协作空间，贡献者需要遵守行为准则。

## 许可证

该 gem 可在 [MIT 许可证](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)下使用。

Commit message:

Add Chinese README translation for 'star-dlp' gem
Create a new README_zh.md file that provides a complete Chinese translation of the existing README. This addition enhances accessibility for Chinese-speaking users, detailing installation, usage, configuration, and contribution guidelines for the 'star-dlp' gem.

README.md, after:

# Star-DLP

Star-DLP (Star Downloader) is a Ruby gem for downloading and managing repositories you've starred on GitHub. It supports downloading starred repositories as JSON and Markdown files, and features incremental downloading, only downloading new starred repositories that aren't already in your local collection.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'star-dlp'
```

And then execute:

```bash
$ bundle install
```

Or install it yourself as:

```bash
$ gem install star-dlp
```

## Usage

### Configuration

First, you can configure Star-DLP:

```bash
$ star-dlp config --token=your_github_token
```

You can set the following options:
- `--token`: GitHub API token (recommended to avoid API rate limits)
- `--output_dir`: Output directory
- `--json_dir`: JSON files directory
- `--markdown_dir`: Markdown files directory

### Downloading Starred Repositories

To download your starred repositories:

```bash
$ star-dlp download your_github_username
```

This will download all your starred repositories and save them as JSON and Markdown files. If you've previously downloaded some repositories, it will only download newly starred repositories.

### View Version

```bash
$ star-dlp version
```

## File Structure

Star-DLP saves files in the following locations:

- Configuration file: `~/.star-dlp/config.json`
- Starred repositories: `~/.star-dlp/stars/`
  - JSON files: `~/.star-dlp/stars/json/`
  - Markdown files: `~/.star-dlp/stars/markdown/`

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
